The exceptional character of a Nespresso coffee owes nothing to chance.
In order to obtain a perfect cup of coffee, time after time,
we suggest you follow some simple instructions.
To start, the quality of water is essential for enhancing the aroma of your espresso,
so we suggest you refill the water tank on a daily basis using fresh water.
After every use, it is important to remove the used Nespresso capsule
and not let it remain in the extraction system.
We recommend that you regularly empty the capsule container and drip tray
in order to avoid overflowing.
You can easily separate them for cleaning.
After using your machine for the last time, simply let a cup of water without a capsule flow through
in order to wash away any residue left in the flow system.
We recommend to clean the coffee outlet regularly with a soft damp cloth.
You can empty the system before a period of non-use or for transportation.
To enter the emptying mode,
press simultaneously the «Espresso» and «Lungo» buttons to turn the machine off.
Remove the water tank.
And open the lever.
Press simultaneously the «Espresso» and «Lungo» buttons for 3 seconds.
Both blink alternately
Then, close the lever.
The machine switches off automatically.
Empty and clean the used capsule container and drip tray.